# buildspace_talk
This is the space for our first MVP in web3

Casula lessons - certified lessons - tour guide + language lesson.

SociaFi to promove clutural interchange, with country guilds and rewards for cultural content. 

* OVERVIEW

Talk Away is a social impact language learning startup that offers a unique and immersive learning experience. 
Our innovative approach involves learning languages through walking and exploring the city, making language learning both fun and practical.

As a teaching platform on the web3, we are building a dapp and a metaverse prototype to further expand access to language learning. 
We haven't chosen a location to deploy yet, we would like to use blockchain's decentralized metaverse infrastructure. 
Like efinity or other parachain metaverses projects.

Our mission is to provide a differentiated teaching approach 
to promote language knowledge for people with limited financial resources and migratory vulnerability. 
We also aim to connect people from all over the world, fostering greater awareness of global cultural diversity.

TECHNICAL PART AND PROJECT DETAILS

We expect the teams to already have a solid idea about your project's expected final state. Therefore, we ask the teams to submit (where relevant): 
In this moment we have a Proof of Concept with around 100 classes offered. Our next step is a MVP in web3. Our dApp will build from scratch under a 
blockchian protocol.

The smart contract will handle the following:

Create new user It will create a new user, either a free student or a certificate student.
Create new tutor It will create a tutor with information about the courses, services he will provide, and the price for his lesson.
Create new resources
Login/logout from the wallet and chack thebalance.
Pay per lesson: it will get the predefined price from the student and save it to the website contract address
Payment for multiple classes will be an offer to get some discounts.
Certificate generation

Transfer payment to tutor: 

it will send the money from the website address to the tutor's address after the user call the check class successfully.
Check class for user: after each class, the user -student- will call this function so the class passes successfully 
and the money can be transferred to the tutor.

Check level: 

this function will be called by the tutor only and return the level of the user To be able to handle the 
following information we need to create a struct for the user, tutor, certification
Part of the classes payment will go to social projects that will be voted on by community: voting system and distribution of the fund.

Small enums:

User type: student-tutor Level enum: determine the level the student has Student type enum: free - with certificate

Student info will be saved on the contract:

User id
User name
User type
Public key
Level
Certificate
Has payed
Has checked

Tutor info will be saved on the contract:

User id
User name
Rating
Course info hash will contain a hash to the saved class info and material if existing. Course material and info will be saved on IPFS
Certification will be SBTs and will be minted at the end of each level.

Technical parts: The stack will be React.js, node.js, and mongoose.

Dapp Solid overview:

The home page contains classes and tutor info.
Forms for creating a user/tutor.
Log in with the user’s wallet.
The user profile contains info about the user. Attended class, level, certifications
The tutor profile contains info about the tutor, classes, rating
Terms policy
Contact us


